Hey hi abishha this site. I'll just walk you through this assignment what we are expecting. So consider this is a platform that we are building for podcast is oka. So the first screen that a user going to see is this, create a new project. Ideally, user is logged in when it comes to this screen, but as of now I'm not asking you to create a login or a logout screen. So what you do whenever you log comes to this page just show and pop up where you can collect user email and you can read that as a user account. You still need an account to tag or associate projects through that user. And once you find that. And then you can store that email ID somewhere in the database and local storage to keep track of that. If the user is logged in or not, this is a first screen. When I do not have any project. I should see this screen and I have a Create New Project. When I click on create New Project popup comes where I collect the project name. Right and let's say I have more than one project or even one project then this is my project listing page and as you can see now, create new project is moved up top so one user can create multiple project and when I click on anyone of this project right so when I click on anyone of this project I go to the second flow which is upload flow. So the moment I click on that anyone of the project I see this screen right which is a project that it screen in one project I can upload multiple files so one project can have multiple file right. As of now, I'm not asking you to upload any new file right like not asking you to upload audio file what you can do whenever someone you just click on youtube. Spotify and RSS feed a popup comes up like this right. In that popup you just collect the name of the file and in place of link what you will ask a description because you can't read information from the link right just name and description and in place of upload you can give save button. Whenever user click on any one of these buttons, this pop-up up appear. You collect name and description and after that this is a listing page of files so one project can have multiple files right and this is how the listing will appear. This was the empty screen but once I have field it will appear like that right. Now let's go to the third screen and again here I have as you can see here I have edit button as well right. So if I click on edit I go to the screen which is transcript flu all right. Here I can edit my transcript. This is basically the description that you have asked user to enter right by default this is not editable. Once I click on edit mode this should be editable and this screen comes once user click over there on the edit button. On delete the user should be able to delete the file on edit you should be able to edit the description that he has entered right and once the edit gets activated he should be able to see save this but discard and save an exit. So this was about the first section of Project Edit projects. Once I come in inside the project I am able to upload files. Basically I can perform the cardona files and then I'll go to the second section of it which is widget configuration and in widget configuration i have general display and advance. In widget configuration user can enter all these detail, chat, bo name, message display. User can uplo colors and everything. Chabot icons. User can upload a file right this file you have to store it on s three. You can create a demi account in AWS that is valid for one year and make a use of it right and then last we have these two tabs. You don't have to code deployment. Pri. You have to code projects and widget consultation. Then you have to code settings. Setting is just the screen where you are able to see username and email. If I'm email is of course not editable, but I can update the username. Let user update the username and give us a button over here right. If this changes right, this is a static screen. You don't have to code subscription. You can just show this thing. So the things that we have to take care while building this assignment. The code should be production ready, be fronted and backend right. Do not use hard coded variable name the coding structure, the file structure. Just consider that you are pushing this code to the production. Once you hit the submission, we will be looking forward in according to it right. Another thing is the UI and UX experience should be really good. That's why we are providing you the UI. Now you have to make sure that you're showing the loading state at proper places. The things are not double kickable. The experience is not jacky right when I'm going through the UI. So on the basis of these weaker areas, your assignment would be evaluated and looking forward for your submission. Thank you. 